have think hard. the
Claude Code, Anthropic, Encoded
Information Dense Keyword. This
is a principle of
AI coding. There are
keywords that you can
create or that you'll
be able to reference
that have more meaning,
that have some special
effects. The Think Hard
activates the Cloud Series
models thinking modes, right?
So you can see
that happening here. Elec
already knew that, but
it's important to mention.
We are now running
tests and we're executing
our validation commands. So
if you open up
the validation commands, you
can see all these
tests are running. They're
passing. That looks great.
And this agent is
going to run to